Update change-sku.md (#74162)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-domain-services/change-sku.md

For example:

> * You can't change down to the *Standard* SKU. AADDS resource forest doesn't support the *Standard* SKU. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can't change down to the *Standard* SKU. Azure AD DS resource forest doesn't support the *Standard* SKU. 
```
